Chore: Clean up docs and READMEs (#6)
SymbioticLab/Zeus: examples/imagenet/README.md

### Dependencies

All packages are pre-installed if you're using our [Docker image](https://ml.energy/zeus/getting_started/environment/).

> You just need to take care of the ImageNet data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You just need to download the ImageNet data and mount it to the Docker container with the `-v` option.
```

### Dependencies

All packages are pre-installed if you're using our [Docker image](https://ml.energy/zeus/getting_started/environment/).

> You just need to take care of the ImageNet data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You just need to download the ImageNet data and mount it to the Docker container with the `-v` option.
```

### Dependencies

All packages are pre-installed if you're using our [Docker image](https://ml.energy/zeus/getting_started/environment/).

> You just need to take care of the ImageNet data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You just need to download the ImageNet data and mount it to the Docker container with the `-v` option.
```
